# CS255
During this class, I was required to perform systems analysis, documentation, and planning tasks for a fictional client called DriverPass. DriverPass was seeking to create an online platform for new drivers to study for their license exam. Through the DriverPass web app, customers could schedule one-on-one sessions with a driving instructor using one of three learning packages, as well as take online courses and provide feedback on their experience. Security and accessibility were main concerns.

In the attached business requirements and system design documents, I thoroughly documented the client's wishes and translated them into business logic. If I were to go back and improve these documents, I might try to account for some more detailed contingencies and edge cases. In a real project, that sort of long-term thinking is crucial to maximizing the value of the end product.

To complete the business requirements assignment, I was provided a transcript of a requirements elicitation with the owners of DriverPass. At the core, interpreting the client's needs is a process of translating spoken language into logical operations that can be performed by the application. To make the translation as "pure" as possible, one must remember that the application being designed is not to reflect one's own vision; it is to reflect that of the client. Therefore, it behooves the systems analyst to take on a servant's mindset, setting aside their own ego and preferences in service of the client's goal. This doesn't mean that the systems analyst should never provide their own opinion; it means that they should take care to only do so where their knowledge and expertise are helpful in achieving the client's ends.

This approach was one of my main takeaways from this class, and I can easily see how valuable it would be in a real-world scenario. Prioritizing the client's needs is great customer service, and great customer service is crucial for any business.
